I I live near Canary Wolf and there's
there's one of these migrant hotels near
where I live in Canary Wolf and um my
cameraman told me there was one of these
protests the other day. I went down
after I shot the YouTube and um I went
there to this hotel and there was there
was the protesters on one side and there
was the counterprotesters on the other
side and um yeah to be honest it was as
you say George you know it's two groups
of people stand on opposite sides of the
road pointing at each other and calling
each other names and um
I worried when I saw that that that was
a little bit of the vision of of the
future of this country. Um,
you know, I'm an economist, right? And I
stick to economics. I'm not an expert on
immigration. Um, I think I think the
primary economic concern is is growing
wealth inequality. I'm very confident on
that. But I think if people such as
yourself, George, want there to be low
rates of immigration, you've got every
right to say that and you've got every
right to believe that. Um, and I do
worry that this growing division is
going to tear our country apart and it's
going to prevent people like me from
from getting the change that I need. And
what that will mean, George, is that
people like you and people like your
kids will suffer very much economically.
And and and I worry, and you know, this
is what keeps me up at night, to be
honest, George. How do I convince the
public? This is my country, you know,
and I I don't hate people on either side
of that road. You know, I'm not an
expert in immigration, and I'm probably
never going to be. Um, but I'll tell you
this one thing right now. If the
ordinary hardworking people of this
country allow themselves to be divided
on this issue, then the current state of
play will continue, which is rich people
getting richer and richer and richer and
richer while workingass people get
poorer and poorer and poorer. So listen,
George, I got every respect for you and
your opinions and and I would encourage
all the people who oppose you to to
resist that temptation to point fingers
and call names because listen, if the
people of this country are divided, then
they will lose, right? So you're going
to need each other